Add ADAL to MSAL doc for node.js (#3055)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-node/docs/migration.md

**Q: Will you release a tool that helps me move my apps from ADAL to MSAL?**

A: No. Differences between the libraries would require dedicating resources to development and maintenance of the tool that would otherwise be spent improving MSAL. However, we do provide the set of migration guides below to help you make the required changes in your application.

**Q: How does MSAL work with AD FS?**

A: MSAL for Node.js supports certain scenarios to authenticate against AD FS 2019. If your app needs to acquire tokens directly from earlier version of AD FS, you should remain on ADAL. Learn more.

**Q: How do I get help migrating my application?**

A: See the Migration guidance section of this article. If, after reading the guide for your app's platform, you have additional questions, you can post on Microsoft Q&A with the tag [azure-ad-adal-deprecation] or open an issue in library's GitHub repository. See the Languages and frameworks section of the MSAL overview article for links to each library's repo.

## Differences between MSAL and ADAL for node.js

> For overall differences between ADAL.js and MSAL.you might want to read [Differences between MSAL.js and ADAL.js](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/msal-compare-msal-js-and-adal-js)

Reviewer: MSAL JS vs ADAL JS is different. This is only for `msal-browser` and I think linking to it is not appropriate. cc @hectormmg ? Can we please add the relevant text for `msal-node`? We are working on the docs but that can wait. The github page is a stop gap at this point.

Author: I have ported over some of the content from the reference documentation and together with the already existing documentation feel like that is a deep dive into the difference between MSAL and ADAL in relation to Node.js. Tell me if you agree.

> ### Difference in the Core API

Reviewer: May be a table with API names and description is more easy to read?

Author: I have moved some of this into a table and left the points that needed more explanation.

- The method to acquire tokens using client credentials is has been renamed in MSAL to `acquireTokenByClientCredentials` from `acquireTokenWithClientCredentials`

- The methods to acquire tokens using the device code flow have been merged into `acquireTokenByDeviceCode` from the `acquireUserCode`, `acquireTokenWithDeviceCode` and `acquireToken` used to acquire a token via device code in MSAL.

- The method to acquire tokens using a refresh token has been renamed to `acquireTokenByRefreshToken` in MSAL from `acquireTokenWithRefreshToken` in ADAL

- The method to acquire tokens using a username and password pais has been renamed to `acquireTokenByUsernamePassword` in MSAL from `acquireTokenByUsernamePassword` in ADAL

- The use of a certificate as a credential to acquire a token has been moved from the `acquireTokenWithClientCertificate` and has been included in as one of the modes of authentication in the `ConfidentialApplication` user agent client application.

### Migrating from the AuthenticationContext to PublicClientApplication or ConfidentialClientApplication

#### Constructing PublicClientApplication or ConfidentialClientAppliation

> When you use MSAL, you instantiate either a `PublicClientApplication` or a `ConfidentialClientApplication`. This object models your app identity and is used to make your requests through whichever flow you want. With this object you will configure your client idenitity, redirect URI, default authority, the log level and more.

Reviewer: Can we please add code samples or link to existing `msal-node` docs where applicable?

Author: I have added links to existing documentation, please re-review and tell me if this matches your expectation

You can declaratively configure this object with JSON.

#### Migrate from authority validation to known authorities

> MSAL does not have a flag to enable or disable authority validation. Authority validation is a feature in ADAL, that prevents your code from requesting tokens from a potentially malicious authority. MSAL now retrieves a list of authorities known to Microsoft and merges that list with the authorities that you've specified in your configuration.

Reviewer: Sample code needed here and I also believe we do have docs on usage for `knownAuthorities`. cc @tnorling can you please help @samuelkubai here? Also summarizing current behavior in adal-node for `authority validation` will be helpful too.

Author: I have fleshed this out some more, @sameerag and @tnorling you can do re-review

> MSAL does not have a flag to enable or disable authority validation. Authority validation is a feature in ADAL, that prevents your code from requesting tokens from a potentially malicious authority. MSAL now retrieves a list of authorities known to Microsoft and merges that list with the authorities that you've specified in your configuration.

Reviewer 2: The list retrieved from the instance discovery endpoint is not merged with `knownAuthorities`. The instance discovery call is skipped entirely if `knownAuthorities` is provided.

```suggestion
MSAL does not have a flag to disable authority validation, authorities are always validated. Authority validation is a feature in ADAL/MSAL, that prevents your code from requesting tokens from a potentially malicious authority. MSAL now compares your requested authority against a list of authorities known to Microsoft or a list of authorities you've specified in your configuration.
```

Author: I have made the edit you have suggested @tnorling

> #### Logging

Reviewer: We have docs already available for logging, can we add the link here rather than the code?
